I'll raise.
I've got a good
feeling about this hand.
Too rich for me. Fold.
Big surprise. rookie.
That's all you ever do is fold.
Call. What do you
say to that. big shot?
I say...
The last card didn't
make Mr. O'Grady's flush.
Mr. Duritz was smart to fold
'cause he missed his straight.
And you. Mr. Hastings.
your cards just stink.
You're bluffing. I call.
Two pair. Jacks
and 7s. Oh! Damn it!
Every time.
You'd think we'd
know better by now.
What the hell is goin' on here?
Poker. Shawn? Poker?
What were you thinking?
I don't know. I
get bored waiting.
Oh. well. why didn't
you just say so?
I mean. if you're
bored. I guess it's okay.
What is wrong with you?
How do you even
know how to play poker?
Mr. Hastings taught me.
Hastings. uh?
Well. I want it to stop.
Do you understand?
No more poker. no more
gambling. You're too young.
Dad. I don't gamble. I win.
You win? Oh. uh-huh.
And approximately
how often do you lose?
I don't know. You don't know.
Well. I haven't lost yet.
How much? How much did you win?
Is that it?
All right. son. listen to me.
Just because you
can do something
doesn't always mean
that you should do it.
do you understand
what I'm saying?
No.
Hey. that's mine!
Not anymore.
Yes. it is!
Uh-uh. no. No. no. no.
no. I'm giving it away.
Giving it away.
Why? Because I can.
And according to your little
philosophy. your poker philosophy.
if I can. then I should. right?
I know it might seem like you're
gonna win every time. Shawn.
but no matter how good you are.
there's always
somebody who's better.
And there's one
rule in gambling.
the house always
wins. Eventually.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Don't gamble.
Not for money.
I got 10 bucks says you
can't make this shot. Ooh!
Gus. I can't take your money.
That's right. 'Cause
you can't make the shot.
I could easily make the shot.
which is why I can't take your
money. There's no sport in it.
I say you're all mouth.
I'm all mouth? Yep.
All right.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Sail straight. my precious.
Okay. Double or nothing.
Trivia question
this time. History.
Grover Cleveland. Damn!
How do you do that?
It's the sweetness.
So. this is how you
spend your days.
Oh. my God! Dad.
what are you doing here?
Nice. Is that the way you greet all the
people that come through your door?
That's exactly how
I greet everyone.
Maybe that's why
business is down. Hmm.
Are you gonna invite me in?
Oh. yeah. please... No!
This could be a trick.
What's the rule with vampires.
don't they have to be invited in?
What are you
talking about. Shawn?
Gus. you've seen Lost Boys
14 times. What's the rule?
You're on your own.
Is this all there is?
Actually. this is the.
uh. satellite office.
Main headquarters is in
an underground ice cave
Gus and I sculpted last winter.
What about your license?
Ahem. my pilot's license?
It's out back in the Cessna.
Or perhaps you're
referring to my license to kill.
Revoked. Problems at
the Kazakhstan border.
I could give you the details.
but then I'd have to kill you.
which I can't do because my
license to kill has been revoked.
I'm talkin' about your
private eye license.
Well. you need one. don't ya?
Psychics are exempt
from the requirements.
Oh. well. hurray for loopholes!
A little dark.
Probably could use a couple more lamps.
you know. probably killing your eyes.
That outlet... Ah. yeah.
looks a little overloaded.
Yeah. I think that plasma. you'd probably
do better by puttin' it on that wall.
you'd have less glare comin' in
through the window in the afternoon.
You know what. Dad. I really
appreciate you makin' the long drive down
and Feng Shui
it up sweet for us.
but we're kind of in the
middle of something here.
What would that be.
Shawn? Would that be NBA
garbage can hoops. or
trivia super challenge?
Believe it or not.
we have an 11:00.
So maybe we should wrap this up.
Yeah. it's a little too
late for that. Shawn.
I am your 11:00.
I know. you know That
I'm not telling the truth
I know. you know They
just don't have any proof
Embrace the deception
Learn how to bend
Your worst inhibitions tend
to psych you out in the end
Bill Peterson. He
owns Peterson Motors.
Met him about 20 years ago
when I grabbed a couple of punks
boosting tires off of his lot.
Shawn. shouldn't you be
writing some of this down?
Why would I do that?
Will there be a quiz?
Just shut up and pay attention.
I got a call from him yesterday.
He's got a kid. Brandon.
He's just a little
younger than you.
He thinks his son might
be mixed up in something.
Like what? Well. he'll fill
you in when he gets here.
The point is. he doesn't want the
cops involved. So. he called me.
And you said...
I said I'm retired
and he should definitely
involve the cops.
Sweet. You came all the way
down here to tell us that. Awesome.
No. Shawn. He doesn't
want his son in trouble.
and I might have mentioned to
Peterson accidentally that. you. uh...
You might be able to help.
Whoa. time out! Flag on the
play! Did you vouch for me?
No. I wouldn't say I
exactly vouched for you.
Gus. Henry vouched for
me. I did not vouch for you!
You were bragging on me.
You have a dad-crush on me.
Shawn. I was not
bragging on you.
I merely restated stats about your
track record that are in the newspaper.
Let's hug it out.
Put your arms down.
Gimme a hug. Put your...
No. I'm not gonna give you...
If I'd known that Peterson
was gonna insist on hiring you.
I would've blasted
your character outright
and I would've mentioned your
unnatural fear of pointy things.
Ah! Distaste for pointy things.
Please. just do
me this one favor.
Would you listen to the man's
story. tell him you can't help?
Send him to the cops.
and whatever you do.
don't do it with all that
rolling your eyes around
and all that floppy crap.
What is this?
First of all. I don't flop
around all the time. okay?
My game is
predicated on finesse.
How dare you criticize my
job? He's here. he's here.
Okay. don't tell him I came by.
You got a back way out of
this place? You came through it.
Oh. right.
Excuse me. you Shawn?
Yes. that's correct.
Mr. Peterson.
Wow. that is my name.
Don't be too impressed. Bill.
I could have gotten that
information anywhere.
After all. Peterson
Motors is gigantic.
Yeah. well. I'm
suitably impressed.
Don't be. Burton Guster.
Pleasure to meet you.
Look. I'll get right to it.
I have a son. Brandon.
Up until a few weeks ago. he
worked for me. Now he's disappeared.
What happened a few
weeks ago? I fired him.
He was lazy. directionless.
I thought I could get him to
buckle down. focus in on something.
How did that go?
Well. he's been evicted from his
apartment. his cell phone's been cut off
and he forged a check from my
account to the tune of $30.000.
I need to find my
son. Can you help me?
Well. Mr. Peterson. this
sounds like a case for the police.
Let me get you a number.
Gus. don't be a gooey
chocolate chip cookie. What?
This is precisely
what we do here. sir.
We find people. We'll
find your Brandon.
Okay. make sure
we are not disturbed.
I need five minutes uninterrupted.
Make sure no one comes in.
Yeah.
What's with all the
secrecy. O'Hara?
I've got a real mindbender.
Problem with the railway theft?
No. It's a detective.
Is this something
for Internal Affairs?
It's Detective Lassiter.
What's the problem
with our Head Detective?
Well. it's his birthday.
Oh. that's not a problem.
Yeah! It is! He seems quiet.
He is quiet. That's who he is.
Look. O'Hara. I think it's nice
that you care for your partner.
but he is a grown
man. He'll be fine.
I just thought it would
be nice to surprise him.
Oh...
Detective Lassiter
does not like surprises.
Of course he likes surprises.
Everybody likes surprises.
Detective Lassiter has a
very particular comfort zone.
And you don't even wanna know what we
now call the Secret Santa Debacle of 2005.
I just wanted to do
something nice for him.
but nobody seems
to know what he likes!
Well. you're his partner.
shouldn't you know?
Well. we don't really talk.
I mean. he doesn't.
He nods and responds mostly.
He never really poses a question.
Although sometimes he
asks if we can ride in silence.
O'Hara. your heart
is in the right place.
but I am very sure that you're
gonna have to do this yourself.
Okay. fine.
Shawn. what are we doin' here?
Brandon's dad
said he was evicted.
Gus. let me ask you something.
When's the last time you were
evicted from your apartment?
Never!
Exactly. You
wouldn't understand.
This is my world.
So the landlord keeps
Brandon's stuff as collateral.
Brandon comes back.
the landlord gets paid.
Brandon doesn't.
there's a garage sale.
Well. the buzzer upstairs
says that his is 227.
227? Marla Gibbs. Regina King.
Jackée! Hal Williams.
Hal Williams? Hal
Williams as Lester Jenkins.
Yeah. right.
Looks like somebody took
a screwdriver to this thing.
Lemme see.
Okay. so Brandon needed something
inside here. but he couldn't get in.
If you were in his shoes.
what would you do next?
First of all. I'd feel
very ashamed of myself.
Tell me about it.
But then.
I think I'd come back
with some scissors.
Let's see if we can find
what he's reaching for.
Yeah. lemme reach.
My reach is better.
Excuse me? What?
When exactly did we
have a reaching contest?
My reach has always been better.
But my arms are
slender-erer. Slender-erer?
What? Slendererer...
Skinnier? Yes.
You know what? You're right. My biceps probably
wouldn't fit through this thing anyway.
I knew you'd fall for that!
Let me see.
Hmm. Final notice. final notice.
final notice. plus an eviction?
Gosh. this kid has some
serious cash flow problems.
No wonder why he
stole from his pops.
What do you got? A
bunch of pawnshops.
Whoa! Wait a second.
If you're a guy
with an apartment.
what's the one thing
you definitely don't have?
I don't know. A horse?
A horse. that's true!
Answer we were looking
for was yard or garden.
I would have accepted
both yard and garden.
I was joking. Shawn.
So if you're a guy without
a yard or a garden... Shawn!
Why would you have a business
card for a garden supply store?
What is R-R-L-R-L-L?
Rrlrll. Rrlrll.
Of course. Rrlrll.
No. no. Rrlrll! Rrlrll.
What does it mean?
We should probably figure
that out. huh? You think?
How long are we gonna sit here?
Brandon might not even show up.
When I suggested we do
a stakeout. you were. like.
"No. no. we need to
do something active."
I am doing something
active. What?
I'm preparing to try
and enjoy this chalupa.
Odd.
No. what's odd. the customers
that keep driving into this place.
Look at these cars.
They're ridiculous!
They're all fancy and what not.
Not exactly what you'd use
to pick up shrubs and fertilizer.
Let's see what these
people are up to.
Let's go!
Ah!
Wrong turn.
What the...
Dude. it's a maze.
What is "R-R-L-R-L-L"?
Shawn. what are you doing?
Right. right.
Dude. the letters on the back
of that card were directions.
Follow me. All right.
Right.
Rrlrll...
Rrlrll. rrlrll. Shawn!
Right.
Left...
Yes!
Whoa. wait a second.
Wait a second.
Maybe we should take a peek and
see what we're getting into. Shawn.
Ooh. you know
what this is. Shawn?
It's one of those
underground poker games.
My poker buddies
talk about them.
Since when do you
have poker buddies?
My online poker buddies. Shawn.
I'm good. I'm up
$7 million dollars.
You have $7 million dollars and you
failed to mention it to me till just now?
It's not real money.
Shawn. That's illegal.
Rough luck there again. huh?
Yeah. a bit of bad luck.
Dude. you should
get in this game. How?
These games are tight. You
gotta know somebody to get in.
Well. let's just throw Brandon's
name around. maybe they'll let us in.
Uh. yeah. one
more hand. I'll get it.
It's just not working out for you
today. is it? No. Not right now.
I'll tell you what. Why
don't you stand up here?
I'm just gonna...
Come on. Come here.
It's okay. It's okay.
Okay. Just relax now.
Put your hand up like this. Why?
Just hold it up. There you go.
Now. maybe next
time. you won't force me
into such a barbaric
form of retribution.
Good news. there appears
to be a seat opening up.
Still. I think our best
course of action would be...
Get the hell outta here! Go!
Go! Go. go!
I want you to know I cannot
hear anything you say!
Shawn. what the
hell is going on?
What the... Shawn.
what are you doing?
It's his ongoing
sensory-deprivation experiment.
sharpening one sense
by denying others.
In this case. he can't hear. which
only amplifies his sense of smell.
What? Amazing!
That's one word for it.
I need complete
and utter silence.
What do you need silence for.
Shawn. if you can't hear anything?
Shh! Please! Henry.
let the boy work.
I smell chips!
Potato. po-tah-to!
Let's call the whole thing off!
Mr. Peterson. I want
you to grab my arm.
Both hands. like
you're doing a pull-up.
Feel the burn.
I will now become a conduit
to your son's thoughts.
Please. clear your mind
and your nasal passages.
Think of nothing but
Brandon and those chips.
Gus. present spuds!
I'm getting something.
It's not clear.
That's a shocker.
Oh. ah. I'm wrong!
It's not potato!
Gus. lose the spuds!
Chips! Ponch! John!
Striker! Cracker! Poker!
Poker? I hardly know her!
Shawn. Poker chips!
Well. what the hell do poker
chips smell like. Shawn?
They smell like butterflies.
Poker chips...
And playing cards.
Ah! What?
What about the poker
chips and the playing cards?
Ah! Gus. it burns!
The link has been broken.
I'll have to read the cards.
see what they say.
Shawn!
There's your son.
Notice there are no
diamonds around him.
Well. diamonds represent wealth.
So Brandon lost his
wealth playing poker?
That's correct. Gus.
Yeah. well. what do all these
clubs around him mean. Shawn?
Clubs. clubs are like
clover.
He's been playing
poker in a garden.
With this guy.
We need a name.
Has he mentioned any of
the guys he plays poker with?
DumbLuck2.
That was his online screen name.
I kept seeing it on his computer
when he was
supposed to be working.
DumbLuck2.
Here. you can have Brandon.
Thanks.
Hello? Hi. Mrs. Lassiter?
Yes? Who is this?
What do you want?
It's about your son.
Oh. no! It's the phone call!
Oh. no! No. no. no.
no! It's not... It's not that.
Well. then. who
the hell are you?
I'm his partner.
But you're a woman.
Yes. Shocking. isn't it?
What are you.
fulfilling a quota?
If you get him shot...
I'm not getting him shot!
I just need to ask a
few personal questions.
Personal questions?
You're not a cop.
This is some kind of
Internet scam. isn't it?
You'll want my Social
Security number next. right?
Well. suck lemons. Cookiepuss!
You're gettin'
nothin' out of me!
No. No. no. no. It's just...
It's his birthday. It's
coming up and I...
Who told you that?
Excuse me?
Booker doesn't
celebrate his birthdays.
Booker?
Damn it! Oh. you're
good. Trickypants.
Well. I just want you to know
this phone call is
now being recorded.
Um. I just need to get some inside
information because I wanna surprise him.
Why are you asking me?
Why don't you ask his wife?
Well. I didn't exactly
think that was appropriate
with them being
separated and all.
They're what?
Nothing.
My son is separated? No...
I mean. I don't know.
Uh. please don't tell
him that you know.
Please don't tell him
that I told you. I really...
I had no idea. Can
we please just pretend
this conversation
never happened?
Hello?
Lassiter.
Mother?
What?
What do you mean you
want your wedding ring back?
What are you doing?
I'm playing online poker. Shawn.
I know I knew that
name. DumbLuck2.
I've played Brandon before.
right here. and I beat him.
I figured I'd hang
out. see if he logs on.
Hmm. Looks like
a full house. huh?
How did you know that?
You went...
I don't do that. Shawn.
I didn't do that!
Two pair.
I'd call. And raise.
You're sitting on
pocket rockets.
You're not gonna do
any better than that.
Seriously. how do you do that?
It's a good thing you're
not a real poker player. Gus.
You'd lose more
money than Brandon.
I'm a stellar player.
Shawn. And don't think...
Wait a second. What?
He's on now! Brandon.
Great! Bring him in.
Bring him in how?
Say. "Hey. Brandon.
your dad's looking for you"?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. wait
a second here. time out.
What?
You're "BigKitty75"?
Yeah. as in the kitty.
you know. the pot.
The kitty? Yes. 75.
74 other "Big Kitties"
came before you?
Yeah. Shawn. there were
74 of 'em. All right. All right.
Does Kitty have a profile?
It's Big Kitty. and no. I don't!
Perfect. Scoot over. Give
me some room to operate here.
What are you doing?
Baiting the hook. Gus.
Baiting the hook? How?
You can't do this. Shawn!
This is my account! Shh. relax.
Don't you tell me to...
You don't have a profile.
They don't know if "Big
Kitty" is a man or... I'm a man!
The players I play poker with. chat
with. know that I'm a man. Shawn!
That's funny.
'cause it appears Brandon
thinks that you're a...
A cheerleader?
"Where does a girl go around
here for fun and games?"
Stop it. Shawn! Get the...
Relax! I can't transfer my bank!
I have 7 million bucks! Oh!
Oh. what's my name?
Oh. I don't know. Shawn...
BigKitty75. Shawn...
You know. Kitty? The
Kitty... Kitty-Cat? Feline!
Ah! Felicia.
"Felicia Fancybottom"?
What am I. a James Bond villain?
Look. he's inviting
us into a private chat.
Don't do it. Shawn. I'm
telling you. don't do it!
Buy me a drink?
I think that question's
for you. Felicia.
Where?
I don't know. I... I can't...
Dude. where do you go to hook
up with dudes you meet online?
That's not funny. Shawn.
Coffee with Attitude
Coffeehouse?
Bring a flower?
What do you think? Poinsettia?
That's a plant. not a flower.
And it's out of season. Perfect.
We'll see just how
badly he wants to impress
Big Felicia Fancybottom.
Ah! He's punctual.
I like that in a date.
Whoa. guys. I'm expecting
somebody. actually.
We know. Felicia.
Yeah. how do you know...
Huh. She's not comin'. is she?
He's Felicia.
And I'm Felicia.
Great! Yeah. I knew it.
All hot internet women are guys!
Of course. you're two guys.
which makes it doubly weird.
Sorry. Brandon. but
your Dad's lookin' for you.
That's the rub. He hired us.
Oh. yeah? Well. the joke's
on you 'cause I'm outta here.
Hey. we just wanna talk.
What's goin' on?
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
You. uh. you know these guys?
Hey. relax. Brandon
and I are friends.
I just wanna talk
to him for a minute.
So how's it goin'. you good?
- Yeah.
Hey! Whoa!
It's just so you don't forget.
You have until Monday.
Oh!
You were saying?
Well. it looks like your dad's not
the only one who's lookin' for ya. huh?
All right. look. You guys
gotta give me a break. okay?
I stole $30.000
dollars from my dad
and then I lost it. and more.
to that jerk. J.P. Berger.
So I can't go home. not until I
win enough to pay everybody back.
What'd he say.
you've got till Monday?
Yeah. he did. but
see. the thing is.
I'm a better player than
he is. I am much better.
And yet he bent
you over his knee
and spanked you in
front of the whole class.
But he shouldn't have!
I just... I just gotta
figure out how he did it.
Look. Brandon. it's simple.
You go to your dad and convince
him to give you your job back.
And then you figure out a way to
pay this Berger back his money.
Yeah. that sounds really great.
But. guys. I can't go
back to work for my dad.
Nothing I do is ever good enough
for that man. nothing is right.
You have no idea
what that's like.
Look. here's some brutal truth.
We're the only reasons
you're not in jail. or worse.
Your dad's done.
It took someone cashing in a very
old favor to get us involved at all.
Now. you are not gonna be able to
play your way out of this hole. baby boy!
So pack it in! Pull
the plug! Shut it down!
Leave the dead meat in the
freezer and put on your Sunday best.
'cause it's Arbor Day. baby!
Okay. Fair enough.
Let's get this over with.
Take me to my father.
What'd I tell ya?
Morning till night. the old
man never stops selling.
Want some advice?
Yeah. sure.
When you owe a
man $30.000 dollars.
I'd be careful about
criticizing his work ethic.
That's a good point.
You want us to come with you?
No. No. you know what?
I screwed up on my own. I
am gonna face him on my own.
That's very Cameron Frye of you.
It's Cameron who?
Wow. are we that
much older than you?
What's that?
That's nothin'. It's
a good luck charm.
I mean. used to be.
But you know what?
Here. I don't need it.
I've given up cards.
I got no use for it.
Whoa! No. thanks.
Not really a jewelry guy.
Gus here is. No. I'm not.
Sure you are.
Right.
Phew! Let's get
this over with. right?
You tryin' to pass
that thing off to me?
You liked it. You like
the sweet turquoise.
So you're telling me that you've
been working with him for 15 years.
but you have no idea
what kind of food he likes?
He orders separate
when we get take-out.
Something about poison.
What are you doing?
Looking.
For what?
A mint.
I'm allergic to mint. Ah-ha!
What?
Nothing.
I'm just happy.
Now I know you don't like mint.
Well. well.
Don't you look like hell.
I know I look like hell. Dad.
Everyone who gets up
at this hour looks like hell.
With the possible exception
of Matt Lauer and Diane Lane.
Mr. Peterson. how are
you. sir? Something wrong?
No. no. Shawn.
everything is great.
That's why I woke your ass up. had you
zip down here so Bill and I could tell you
how terrific everything is.
It's Brandon. Brandon?
Well. he seemed fine when we dropped
him off yesterday. maybe a little nervous.
Wait. wait. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. You found him?
Well. yeah. we did.
When was this? Yesterday.
I'm sorry. sir. I
should have told you.
It was right before closing. We
could clearly see you from Gus' car.
and he said he wanted
to come in by himself.
do this man-to-man. you
know. just you and him.
He didn't come in?
You never saw him?
Oh. we saw him. all right.
I got the reunion right
here. You wanna see it?
There he is. there's my boy.
Guess he couldn't face me. so
he waited until after I went home.
Not the safe? He's
breaking into your safe?
Breaking in? No. he
didn't have to break in.
He's too smart for that.
He knows the combination!
There you have it. Not
quite the reunion I imagined.
So tell me. psychic.
where's my son now?
Something's bothering me. dude.
I'm never wrong!
You're always wrong.
what are you talkin' about?
That this kid should be a
better poker player. Gus.
That was a pretty good bluff.
Oh. dude. look!
What? Right there.
That necklace thing.
That's horrible.
He wears his ridiculous
good luck charm into battle
the way that Superman
wears his cape.
or Rocky Balboa wears his belt.
I bet you he's on his way back
to the maze to take on Berger.
No. Berger's not gonna be at the lawn
and garden center. Not this weekend.
Why not?
There's a tournament goin' on where the
winner gets a buy-in to the World Poker Derby.
You know where that is?
Of course I do! Phew!
Ooh! Phew! Ah!
Oh. it's flipping!
Ah. it wants to flip!
Oh. it wants to flop! Dad!
T.P.
Toilet paper... No.
Teri Polo. Shawn...
T.P. Tee-pee.
Tee-pee with a chimmy...
Chimmy. chimmy-changa. chimi-changa.
Chaka Khan. Chaka Khan. Chaka Khan.
Chimi-changa. Cha-changa?
Cha-changa! That's it.
You say tomato. I say to-mah-to.
Cha-changa.
The Indian casino?
Cha-ching!
Damn it! You were right. Henry.
How's that?
Maybe getting the police involved
is the only way to get his attention.
May I have that DVD. please?
No.
Excuse me? Shawn!
Not yet.
Why?
Let's give him another chance.
I'm sensing there's
more to this story. sir.
He's actually a pretty
good poker player.
I'm getting a very. very
strong psychic vibration
he's gonna lose
big!
Not with my money he's not.
Let's go. Oh. God.
We're outta here.
No. Dad. Dad. I can't.
Would you rather
I call the police
and show them a certain
video of you looting my safe?
I know. I'm sorry
about all that.
No. Brandon. Let's go.
No. Dad. Dad. I'm in more
trouble here than you think.
I'm already in! And they
don't give refunds here.
Fine.
I'll play. Whoa.
whoa. whoa. You?
You know what? Actually.
sir. this is your call.
I work for you. But keep
in mind that I am a psychic
and. unlike any of
these other players.
I come with a
money-back guarantee.
What do you think.
Henry? Can he win?
Dad. I don't gamble. I win.
Yeah. He can win.
So. what's the deal?
Shawn and Berger
drew opposite tables.
The only way for him face Berger
is if he beats everyone at his table.
makes it to the
finals. and wins.
Check.
God. must be rough.
Sorry?
You picked the wrong
week to quit smoking. dude.
There's a tournament
happening here.
What are you talking about?
What is this about? Is this
about your lady friend. huh?
Your special girl back
home? She doesn't like it?
Look at the cards. guys. huh? Lot
of possibilities on the table right now.
Lot of possibilities.
Fifty thousand.
Midnight oil says no! No!
Call.
Ay-ay-ay. action.
Action in my fanny pack.
All right. I'll call you both.
You didn't catch
your straight. did you?
Hundred thousand.
Fold.
You let me down.
Ronnie!
What?
This can be your time.
right here. right now.
You think you can
mess with my head. too?
Here's the thing. I'm a psychic.
So if I had to guess.
which I don't. I'd say yes.
Yes. I can mess with your head and I
can put an entire sandwich in your hair.
Well. you know what? I'm
not playing with a psychic.
It's against the rules.
Against the rules? No. guys.
guys. I checked the rulebook.
I looked in the index under "P".
It mentioned polygamy.
pancakes. and pterodactyls.
Who knew pterodactyl
started with a "P"?
I bet you did. You did.
It's not against the
rules. Ronnie. It's cool.
No. it's not cool.
Look at your stack. man.
Everything's here.
I need you here. Take
a risk. man! Bluff it up!
I'll raise you two
hundred thousand.
You just bluffed to prove
to me that you could bluff.
Ronnie...
I call this move the all in.
Ronnie with the origami.
Oh! Oh!
Center table showdown.
Shawn Spencer and J.P. Berger.
All in.
All in?
Yeah. but he shouldn't have. I
just gotta figure out how he did it.
Wait!
Wait. wait. wait.
The chips demand
we stop the game.
What the hell is going on here?
Shh! I can't hear them
if you're talking. Berger.
What?
Really?
You guys sure about this?
Chips say you're a
cheater-cheater pumpkin-eater!
Is that right? SHAWN: Yeah.
And how do they know that?
We're really supposed to believe
that you're psychic or something!
If you were psychic. I wouldn't
be cleaning your clock right now.
Cleaning my clock? What
does that mean. Berger?
What. you'd take time out of your
day to clean another man's timepiece?
And if so. that
would be a bad thing?
No. I would be gracious.
I would say. "J.P.. dude.
"thanks for spritzing my watch."
Besides. it doesn't matter.
Doesn't take a psychic to figure
out that these cards are marked.
You know what. if you
had been paying attention.
you'd realize that the
decks were all sealed.
Shh! He's saying the decks are
sealed. What do you got for me?
Well. come on.
guys. speed it up!
Check the...
Oh!
For shame!
You dirty filthy rascal
with the suede-suede head.
Ah-ha!
Face card. Face card.
Well. how's that possible?
These are brand-new decks.
We got spotters on every table.
But you didn't
check your dealers!
Okay. I'm on the dealer.
What do you got for me?
Hair clip? Hair clip! Of course.
You! You stand up!
I'm sorry. ah... Wait. let me...
Hold on! This...
Oh. my. there's some kind
of invisible ink on this hair clip.
and every time she
fussed with her ponytail.
and I think we can all agree
it's a fetching tail. it's a silky tail.
she got the ink on her fingers and
then she put her fingers on the cards!
And then her special partner with
his special rose-colored glasses
could see that everything
is turning up faces.
All right. We're not partners.
Put a hold on all these
chips here. This is ridiculous!
Take these two into
custody until we sort this out.
This is ridiculous!
You're ridiculous!
For shame!
That is so much money.
I'll. uh. I'll let you
guys make it right.
Well. now I know why I always
lost to Berger. It wasn't me.
But. um.
it was me stealin' from
you and lying to you.
and. Dad. for that.
I really am sorry.
Well. I appreciate
the apology. Son.
But you're gonna have to do a lot
more than that to earn my trust back.
Thank you.
No. thank. thank
you. Mr. Peterson!
No. thank you. SHAWN:
No. seriously. thank you.
Shut up! Okay.
Dude! $7.500?
Peterson is a generous man.
This is our most profitable case ever!
I know. I got plans!
Pay off the flat screen.
consolidate our loans.
and pay off the
bulk in a lump sum!
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Ooh!
Or... What...
We double up. right
here. right now. What?
Come on. Gus. think about
it. seriously. fifteen large?
What are you
talkin' about. Shawn?
We could go to Aruba. Shawn...
Cozumel. Shawn!
Ibeeza. It's Ibiza!
Dude. we could
rent a jet to Ibiza.
Don't even think about it!
Rule number one of
gambling. do not think.
That's not a rule. Shawn!
Rule number two.
always bet on black.
Money plays. Whoa. but...
Isn't that right. Steve?
I can't believe you did that!
Look. I told you that's
why I don't gamble. Gus.
Shut up. Shawn!
What did Wesley say in Passenger
57? I don't want to talk about it!
He said. "Always
bet on black." So I did!
Yeah. Here you go. They're cold.
Um. Lassiter leads a
really different private life.
Yeah... I mean. who'd have
thought he was into bikes?
I guess.
Hi.
Well. some of these
people look really familiar.
Yeah! I know. to me. too! But I haven't
had a chance to talk to any of them yet.
I see his car! I see his car!
What? Oh! Everybody hide! Hide!
What the hell?
Surprise!
Whoa! Whoa! No. it's okay.
Whoa! Move it!
Oh! Oh. my gosh. no.
no. no! No. no. no. Carlton!
Hey! It's a party. it's a party!
It's what?
For your birthday! Surprise!
Why are these
people at my house?
They're your friends.
No. they're not.
Yeah. they are! I got 'em
out of your address book.
You took my book?
Yes. I admit it. I
opened your desk.
I didn't want to load you up
with a bunch of work people.
so I just invited the ones
with stars by their names.
These are all
people I put in jail.
The stars are repeat offenders.
You keep a little black book
of people you've arrested?
Of course I do.
Why?
To drive by and check on them.
Um. um. oh. Carlton.
where are you going?
To pack! Why?
Because now they
know where I live!
Happy Birthday. dude!
Happy Birthday!
Nice house!
In between the lines
there's a lot of obscurity
I'm not inclined to
resign to maturity
If it's all right then
you're all wrong
But why bounce around
to the same damn song?
You'd rather run
when you can't crawl
I know. you know That
I'm not telling the truth
I know. you know They
just don't have any proof
Embrace the deception
Learn how to bend
Your worst inhibitions tend
to psych you out in the end
I know. you know
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-